Minutes tech lead team meeting  28 February 2023 (#82)
ESMValGroup/Community: Tech Lead/Minutes/20230228.md

[Tool Documentation PR for recipe testing](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/pull/3032)

- (ad-hoc) Data directories: issues with missing CMIP5 data at DKRZ -> centralize data dirs at DKRZ distill to two at most dirs: the official DKRZ CMIP directories and the shared `download_dir`. But no user's directory should be used.
- Remi: handling of broken recipes: we should keep track of them and don't gloss over them every release
- Bouwe: add a table to the docs listing the broken recipes -> Remi: add criteria by which we list the broken ones (Core, data, diagnostic etc)
- how to run the recipes: ad-hoc scripts written by Saskia, used for 2.6 and 2.7 -> issues from greatly differing resources needed; scripts are PR-ed in https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/pull/2883
- ideally we should have a single end-to-end workflow -> Bouwe suggesting dedicated workflow writers -> good idea, but we need discuss, maybe with the Met Office, not to duplicate MO work (which is currently suspended, anyway)
- maybe less use of Levante - although JASMIN is unreliable, and data is most plentiful on Levante
- possible come back to Cylc (8.0) but need to get in touch with Met Office

> - Manu: add resource info in the recipe's header - rough numbers to give an idea about what it needs - Bouwe: maybe add that to the [Debug Table](https://esmvaltool.dkrz.de/shared/esmvaltool/v2.7.0/debug.html) - plop it in the documentation every latest/stable release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manu: add resource info in the recipe's header - rough numbers to give an idea about what it needs - Bouwe: this information is already available in the [Debug Table](https://esmvaltool.dkrz.de/shared/esmvaltool/v2.7.0/debug.html) generated by the [summarize.py](https://docs.esmvaltool.org/en/latest/utils.html#running-multiple-recipes) script, but maybe we could add the number of `max_parallel_tasks` for easier reproducibility - plop it in the documentation every latest/stable release.
```
